create external table parking_voilations(
Summons_number int,
plate_id string,
Registration_State string,
plate_type string,
issue_date Date,
voilation_code int,
vehicle_body_type string,
vehicle_make string,
issuing_agency string,
street_code1 int,
street_code2 int,
street_code3 int,
vehicle_expire_date Date,
voilation_location int,
voilation_precinct int,
issuer_precinct int,
issuer_code int,
issuer_command string,
issuer_squad string,
voilation_time string,
time_first_observed string,
voilation_county string,
voilation_infront_opposite string,
house_number string,
street_name string,
intersecting_street string,
date_first_observed Date,
law_section int,
sub_division string,
voilation_legal_code string,
days_parking_effect string,
from_hours_ineffect string,
to_hours_ineffect string,
vehicle_colour string,
unregistered_vehicle string,
vehicle_year int,
meter_number string,
feet_from_curb int,
voilation_post_code string,
voilation_description string)
location 
